# Zipline Cover Letter
- You've designed and built electromechanical systems and robots outside the classroom. Previous interns have built submarines, solar cars in the Australian outback, electric boats, rockets, etc.
- You’re comfortable working in C, C++, Python, and/or Rust, and have developed software for a real time operating system or embedded linux.
- You set a high standard for your software -- your code is efficient, easy-to-ready, well-tested, and has friendly APIs. 
- You’re familiar with basic electrical engineering concepts, such as reading schematics, and debugging with a multimeter, scope, and logic analyzer.
- You can work independently--taking ownership of projects with ambiguous requirements--as well as collaboratively with a diverse team.
- Additional interdisciplinary engineering skills are a plus, such as control of dynamic systems, PCB design/CAD, or backend infrastructure experience.



- Talk about Robotics, Drone built at school, Indoor Garden. Talk about working for HRobotics
- Talk about ARM internship talk about C++ projects and starting to learn Rust
- Talk about working at Goldex to prove high code standard and testing
- Talk about learning base engineering concepts at university
- Talk about managing large microservice projects

Your team is building a robot that is powered with a 35Ah battery.  During testing, the robot will run for a maximum of 5 hours before  running out of battery, interrupting testing. The team would like to  have a better idea of when the robot is going to run out of battery and  needs to be recharged. An electrical engineer on your team designs a  board to help solve this, with an LTC2944 and a 0.3mohm sense resistor.  You are tasked with writing the software to read the accumulated battery discharge, in mAh, at the highest resolution possible. What should  register bits B[5:3] be set to, in hexadecimal (please 