# DeepMind Cover Letter

We also look for those who have experience with any of C++, Python, Java and JavaScript. If you are passionate about backend infrastructure,  user interface development, distributed programming, programming  languages, TensorFlow, Autodiff, ML frameworks, data  visualisation/analysis or production systems this is a great opportunity for you!



why are you interested in deepmind

what project are you most proud of and why



The project I am most proud of that I have worked on alone is a set of micro-services that I built in Python for an application that patients can use to update doctors on their health post surgery to avoid the patient have to go in for check ups as frequently. The reason I am proud of it is firstly due to the structure of the projects which uses automation through shell scripts to remove as much work as possible such as in setting up a new micro-service and running test. The micro-services also include a range of different database technologies such as as MongoDB and My SQL as well as a messaging system made with RabbitMQ. I built a custom authentication and password system that uses authentication tokens issued from an authentication system,  and currently I am working on data analytics and machine learning to inform doctors when the patient might be likely to develop complications using the data the system has. 



- Experience at Goldex at building microservices with python
- MIT machine learning course and self made python neural network
- Crossover Calculator, RSA encryption



Dear Sir/Madam

I am a third year Electronic and Information Engineering Student at Imperial College London and I am writing to apply to for the Software Engineering Internship. 

I have been interested in broadening my knowledge in the field of Machine Learning for the past couple of years, both through courses such as the Coursera "Machine Learning with Python" course and through working on my own projects such as a neural network generation and training program in Python backed by information taken from research papers and lectures. So far I have been fascinated by the types of problems I have been able to solve using this field and am working to improve my knowledge. This year I have to opportunity to learn more about Machine Learning on my university course as I will be taking "Artificial Intelligence", "Machine Learning" and "Deep Learning" modules.

Since last year I have been working part-time for a small company called Goldex working on a gold training platform. This experience has been especially useful in learning how to work on software as part of small team and manage engineering tasks within a group. My role there has been building micro-services in Java and due to the fact that the services I've been building are handling real world transactions the reliability and test coverage of the code has been extremely important, teaching me how to produce reliable code at a fast pace. Most of the backed related projects that I have worked on myself have been python based giving me a lot of experience with this language. I made this decision due to Pythons applicability in both web related projects and scientific and numerical projects. 

During this summer I also had the opportunity to work at ARM as a software engineer. My role consisted of writing examples for yet to be released processors in ARM Assembly and C. This allowed be to improve my knowledge of writing extremely low level code and the challenges that accompany it whilst working on projects such as an example hypervisor or a setup sequence for a memory protection unit. 

Recently I have been trying to work on projects that are algorithm driven and performance focused to try and improve my skill in this area. An example of this is an arbitrary precision class that I wrote in C++  that I was then able to use to make an RSA encryption library for python. Part of the reason for projects like this is to get a better understanding of how high performance machine learning and numerical libraries for Python are built, such as Tensor Flow and Sci Kit Learn. 

Being able to work at Deep Mind would allow to really learn more about this field that has really excited me. I would greatly appreciate the oppotunity to discover what it is possible to achieve using these technologies. Thank you for reading my application and I look forward hearing from you.

Kind Regards,

Max Wickham

MEng Electronic and Information Engineering (2019 - 2023)

Imperial College London





Dear Sir/Madam,



I am a third year MEng Electronic and Electrical Engineering student at Imperial College London, and I am writing you to apply for the position of Research Engineering Intern at DeepMind. I am particularly interested in the applied research you purse using AGI technologies.



My first encounter with your research happened while listening to one of your podcast episodes on AI and Neuroscience, during which one of your Research Scientists, Jess Hamrick, was discussing about the concept of intelligence. In the specificTALK, she was talking about how the development of AI algorithms is strictly related to the study of psychological phenomena, such as the replay of a memory in the human brain. What particularly impressed me of this was the interdisciplinary approach adopted at DeepMind, as it is my firm believe that mixing different sectors and diversifying one’s experiences are key to success, especially when it comes to scientific research. From this comes also my will to combine the study of the human nature with the one of technologies, varying environments throughout my life: at first, as a student of Classics at high school, I have always tried to broaden my scientific knowledge aside my degree participating to programs in various centres for scientific excellence, such as the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics and the Huston Methodist Research Institute; and now, at Imperial College, I am aiming to maintain diversified interests by participating to courses in psychology and business while studying Engineering.



As a MEng student, I am also aiming to gain as much experience as possible within the electronic and software sector to consolidate my research skills. For instance, this summer I had the opportunity to apply my creative and analytic abilities as a Design Engineer for Arm, world leading company in the design of processors IP. This role consisted in developing and testing a whole communication interface unit from scratch and presenting it to the wider System Engineering team. A great part of my job consisted in forecasting possible interfacing issues between the design of the different subunits and thinking about edge cases to test in view of time constraints. As a result, this experience enabled me to improve my ability to formulate problems and find solutions using my coding and testing skills, while allowing me to also practice the writing of technical reports and specifications.



Ultimately, my career goal is to develop technologies that can tackle problems on a social level, and I think that AI is the perfect example of engineering research that could help in fundamental tasks of our daily life. For this reason, I decided to learn Python and I have planned to take the Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning modules as part of my curriculum for this year. Moreover, what I find most fascinating about AI is the exponential pace at which it is developing. It excites me reading about the latest applications of it, especially in fields like medicine and environment. For instance, I have found an interesting paper on AI system used for cancer screening by DeepMind and Google Health, which inspired me to think about new possible applications of AI algorithms I could develop in the future.

In view of all this, I believe that the innovative and dynamic environment of DeepMind would perfectly match my ambitions and values and I am truly enthusiastic about the idea of exploring and contributing to this field.



Thank you very much for considering my application and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Yours sincerely,

Matilde Piccoli

MEng Electronic and Electrical Engineering (2019 - 2023)

Imperial College London
